Sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. 
When one doesn’t get enough sleep one’s mind doesn’t work clearly. 
Studies have shown that after staying awake for 24 hours one’s ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. 
Driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. 
Moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. 
As much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don’t happen in this world.

April seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. 
She looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. 
How did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. 
Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. 
At least this was the way it was supposed to be. 

Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
She closed her eyes and then opened them again. 
What she was seeing just didn't make sense. 
She shook her head seeing if that would help. 
It didn't. Although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky.
There was only half a worm in the apple. 

At first, Judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. 
"Why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. 
And then it dawned on her. Judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. 
It ended up being much worse than that.
The river slowly meandered through the open space. 

It had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal. 
It had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. 
That's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge.
Cake or pie? I can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. 
It may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. 
I know which one I hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. 
So, what is it? Cake or pie?

The kids were loud. 
They were way too loud for Jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. 
The parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. 
They were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. 
He thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. 
Sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end up in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
